MARSSIM is a Fortran 95 program written in several process modules.
Simulated processes include:
    Fluvial detachment, transport, and deposition
    Fluvial sediment transport as a single grain size or with multiple grain sizes
    Sedimentation as aggradational fans, deltas, and suspended sediment deposition in lakes
    Runoff flow routing under hyperarid, lake evaporation, and total runoff scenarios
    Weathering of surficial materials
    Shallow mass wasting in regolith or across bedrock slopes, with optional avalanching erosion 
    Deep mass flows, specifically under Bingham or Glen's law rheology
    Accretion or Deposition of particulates or volatiles
    Eolian deposition or scour
    Impact cratering using either scaled crater geometry or using real crater morphology
    Groundwater flow with optional contributions to surface runoff and rock weathering
    Weathering rates and erosional resistance scaled to a 3D matrix of values
    Lava flows and lava emplacement
A variety of boundary conditions can be specified, including fixed, periodic, and moving.
Initial conditions are read from files, including new and restarted runs.
Specified events can occur during the simulation, such as impact cratering, change of process rates, 
     and baselevel fluctuations.
Output files include:
    Shaded relief images 
    State variables such as elevation and regolith thickness
    A record of events
    Cumulative records of process effects
Additional information is provided in the other pop-up documentation in the underlying 
    window frame as well as pop-ups available during parameter file editing.  The distribution also includes
    marssim_program_v4.doc which also has detailed information about files and parameters.
The Fortran code can mostly be utilized "out of the box" unless events such as non-random cratering events,
    changes in parameter values, or other changes occuring during a simulation. If such events are desired, the
    source file "initial_and_boundary_conditions.f90" will need to be modified and the program recompiled. 
The model is built upon the landform evolution model first described by Howard (1994).  
The core model primarily focuses on  landform evolution at relatively long temporal scales 
    (relative to the timescale for noticeable landform change) through fluvial and mass wasting processes. 
The program is designed be computationally efficient such that individual runs can be done on a modern 
    microcomputer in no more than a few tens of hours. The more recent additions to the model have focused on 
    processes relevant to planetary landscapes, including lava flows, groundwater seepage and sapping, 
    impact cratering, surface-normal accretion and ablation, and volatile redistribution by radiation-induced 
    sublimation and recondensation. 
Individual process formulations vary from completely heuristic to modestly 
    mechanistic. 
Important limitations for some potential applications are the assumption of a single 
    representative bed material grain size in the fluvial system and no tracking of internal stratigraphy 
    of sedimentary deposits (except for total thickness and surface morphology). 
    Some stratigraphic information can be gleaned by frequent reporting of 
    elevation changes through time on sedimentary deposits.  
A loosely-connected multi-grain-size gravel transport
    module can be used for small simulation windows based on the Parker surface-based tranport model.  
    More information on this module can be found in Howard, Breton, and Moore (2016).