MARSSIM utilizes a square grid of MX columns and MY rows.  The rows and columns increase
from (1,1) at the upper left to the lower right. The boundary conditions fall in several
broad categories:

Bottom boundary level, and possibly increasing or decreasing in elevation during the simulation.
   In this case the upper boundary is usually specified as no-flux, which generally becomes a divide.
   The lateral boundaries can be no-flux or periodic.
   
All boundaries are fixed elevation.  Under these conditions water and sediment may leave the simulation
   domain but not enter.  These boundary conditions are most appropriate for simulations starting from
   actual or retrodicted terrain.
  
All boundaries are periodic.  This minimizes edge effects. For this situation either the flow routing 
   must be run for hyperarid conditions where flow disappears in all undrained depression, or alternately,
   depression flow routing with lake evaporation can be used so long that the evaporation rate is sufficient
   not to completely flood the simulation domain.
   
A typical simulation proceeds with constant parameter values.  The only situation which can involve discrete
events without special programming is random impact cratering with a fixed probability.  There is the possibility
to prescribe specific "events" occuring at specific times or specific iterations. The file EVENTS.PRM specifies
these occurrences, but the response to the events must be programmed int the MAKE_EVENT subroutine in the
INITIAL_AND_BOUNDARY_CONDITIONS.f90 file.

A run can be terminated by editing the file ERODE.STOP and changing the number 0 to 1.  This file is read
every 10 iterations and gracefully closes the simulation if this occurs.

MARSSIM is typically run as a background job, which in Linux is run as "nohup ./marssim &", assuming that marssim
is the executable.  The evolution of the topgraphy during the simulation can be moditored by looking at the 
shaded relief image ATPRESENT.PBM file which is output every IMAGE_OUTPUT_INTERVAL iterations.   