                PARAMETER EXPLANATION AND EDITING

By selecting a given parameter file a popup window is created which displays information
on each parameter.  Three fields are presented for each parameter:
Column 1:  The current value of the parameter in an editable box.
Column 2:  A button which if selected raises a popup window with detailed
           information about the parameter and its role in the program. 
Column 3:  A brief title or description of the parameter.

The parameter file display has two purposes: editing the parameter values and providing
information on their purpose and use within MARSSIM.  When a parameter file is selected
a backup copy of the parameter file is saved in the "backup" subdirectory.  If values
are edited and the edited values are to be saved, click the green "SAVE" value at the bottom
of the display.  Edited values are NOT saved automatically.  To exit the popup click the "X" or red button
in the banner at the top of the display.

Most parameter files have one or more rows with a description preceded and followed by multiple '*'s. These
have no editing field.  The associated popup boxes generally have extended discussion about the process module that
is related to this parameter file.

If a parameter file is edited external to this graphical interface, be sure to retain the exclamation characters
in each line and the descriptive material associated with the line.  It is best not to introduce a large
number of spaces between the right edge of the parameter value and the exclamation character preceding the
brief dexription, because this affects display of the parameter file within this graphical interface.

In addition, parameter lines should not be removed or new parameter lines added, because this affects synchronicity
of the detailed parameter popups.  New parameter CAN be added at the bottom of the parameter file, or one
of the several inactive parameters can be repurposed if the MARSSIM program is modified.