        REGARDING BINARY STATES IN THE MARSSIM MODEL
        
MARSSIM utilizes several binary states(YES/NO - TRUE/FALSE) to characterize each location.
These state values affect the action of geomporphic processes.  At present MARSSIM tracks
the following properties:

Major state variables:
    IS_ROCK_SURFACE:     If this is true, then this location is considered to have exposed bedrock
                         otherwise it is regolith-covered.  Transitions occur to bedrock if weathered
                         debris accumulate, and to regolith if erosion removes all regolith. For
                         glacial and Bingham mass flows, the routed debris is considered to be "regolith"
                      
    SUBMERGED:  If this location is submerged (TRUE) then sediment routing deposits remaining
                         sediment load as foreset deposits, and fluvial erosion is inactive.  Setting
                         an ocean level, having wet flow conditions, or lake flow routing determine whether
                         a given location is submerged.
                      
    IS_SEDIMENT_COVERED: If true then fluvial routing transports and deposits sediment across this surface
                         if water and sediment are supplied from upstream.  Otherwise fluvial routing and
                         erosion treat this as bedrock or regolith subject to erosion but not deposition.
                         Changes of state occur to IS_SEDIMENT_COVERED if the channel gradient drops below
                         the minimum value necessary to transport the imposed bed sediment load.  Reverse
                         changes occur if the routing procedure removes all sediment.
                         
    ACCELERATED_EROSION: The fluvial module has the option to track a normal or acellerated erosion state
                         if bistable erosion is selected.  This can be used to track gully erosion where
                         slope and channel locations that are vegetation covered have accelerated_erosion
                         FALSE and rapidly eroding gullies lacking vegetation cover have accelerated_erosion TRUE.
                         
Minor state variables:

    In flow routing with the possibility of lakes, the domain is divided into basins, and state variables for 
    each basin track the overflow state, the location of the basin outlet, the next downstream basin location,
    and whether the basin is an outlet basin and several other properties.
    
    Other state variables relate to impact cratersing and grounwater flow, if selected.
                         
                         